The video shows an open abdominal operative field dominated by glossy, yellow, lobulated adipose tissue.
A short, shallow linear opening is present on the surface with a thin line of fresh blood along the edge.
Two metallic forceps held from the lower left and upper edge, grasping and tenting the adipose tissue to place the line under tension.
A gray instrument with a blade tip approaches from the right and makes repeated contacts along the line; each contact produces gradual separation of the tissue edges.
A pale tubular instrument intermittently appears from the upper left, hovering near the working point.
A green instrument with fine needle tip touches the incision where blood is oozing.
Along the lower right margin, a ribbed corrugated suction hose remains in place, and a curved metallic retractor becomes enters from right side and put into the tissue along the edge of incision lifting a straight line of tissue.
A curved tool is pressed along the incision from right side till the end of the incision at left, the incision extends and becomes more continuous across the mid portion of the adipose layer, blood oozes out slightly from incision.
A wire with long flame like rounded tip is inserted along the edge of incision.
A smooth, glistening tubular structure with a bluish-purple hue becomes visible beneath the adipose tissue and is progressively fed into the incision.
A suture is inserted through the purple vessel and inserted into the left edge of the incision and with the help of forceps and needle holder.
The suture is made along the edge of incision and vessel towards the right edge of the incision on the upper edge.
The suturing is repeated along the lower edge of incision and vessel.
A gloved hand briefly enters and partially obscures the view while adjusting tissue and clearing fluid.
When the view returns, the tubular structure remains exposed and unobstructed, with cauterized incision margins and no active bleeding visible. The organ is moving in rhythmic motion.